[Actors] Add `ttl` and `data` to API reference (#4188)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/api/actors_api.md

|-------|--------------|
| `dueTime` | Specifies the time after which the reminder is invoked. Its format should be [time.ParseDuration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
| `period` | Specifies the period between different invocations. Its format should be [time.ParseDuration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) or ISO 8601 duration format with optional recurrence.
| `ttl` | Sets time at or interval after which the timer or reminder will be expired and deleted. Its format should be [time.ParseDuration format](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration), RFC3339 date format, or ISO 8601 duration format.

> | `data` |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data` |  A string value and can be any related content. Content is returned when the reminder expires. 
```

> | `data` |  A string value and can be any related content. Content is returned when the reminder expires. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data` |  A string value and can be any related content. Content is returned when the reminder expires. For example this may be useful for returning a URL or anything related to the content.
```

}
```

> When you specify the repitiion number in both `period` and `ttl`, the timer/reminder will be stopped when either condition is met. The following example has a timer with a `period` of 3 seconds (in ISO 8601 duration format) and a `ttl` of 20 seconds. This timer fires immediately after registration, then every 3 seconds after that for the duration of 20 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you specify the repetition number in both `period` and `ttl`, the timer/reminder is stopped when either condition is met. The following example has a timer with a `period` of 3 seconds (in ISO 8601 duration format) and a `ttl` of 20 seconds. This timer fires immediately after registration, then every 3 seconds after that for the duration of 20 seconds, after which it never fires again since the `ttl` was met
```

Reviewer: @JoshVanL - Can `ttl `and `dueTime` be used together? Or are these independent?

Reviewer 2: If only ttl and dueTime are set, the reminder will be accepted however only the dueTime will take effect- i.e. the reminder will trigger at dueTime and ttl is ignored.
If `ttl`, `dueTime` and `period` are set, the reminder will first fire at `dueTime`, then repeatedly and expire according to `period` and `ttl`.

Reviewer: Thanks. I suggest that we add this into the doc, so that this is clear. 
@hhunter-ms - Could you add these sentences?
